
 new_documents 
 : ['ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry - ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry China Human Resources Human Resources China Internal Internal 2023-3-1 Training Regulation Purpose: Tietoevry is committed to planned and systematic expertise and career development Tietoevry is committed to planned and systematic expertise and career development in order to ensure employees develop their knowledge, skills and attitudes in line with the company’s targets, strategies and values. in order to ensure employees develop their knowledge, skills and attitudes in line with the company’s targets, strategies and values. Tietoevry 旨 旨在符合公司目标、战略与公司价值观的前提下，为员工的专业知识、技 能、态度与职业发展提供有计划与系统性的培训。 Scope: The Policies and Procedures are applicable to all permanent employees. 本制度流程适用于所有在职员工。 Training Identification: Learning Model Tietoevry Learning culture is based on the learning model that everyone Tietoevry Learning culture is based on the 70-20-10 learning model that everyone should follow when planning their personal competence development activities: should follow when planning their personal competence development activities: Tietoevry 关于培训的企业文化是建立在 培训模式基础上，员工需根据个人 能力发展建立自己的培训计划： 70% - - learning from experience, comes from constant 从经验中学习，来自于在工作中持续受到的鼓励与激励 例如获得授权与 工作轮换 在社群中学习，通过在教受、指引与协作中相互分享知识学习 正式培训 encouragement and stimulation such as delegation and job rotation , 70% 20% - social learning, knowledge sharing through coaching, mentoring and', "- networks 20% - - 10% 10% - - Training Need Identification Training shall be understood to mean the process of an employee gaining and Training shall be understood to mean the process of an employee gaining and complementing his/her knowledge and skills, on the approval by the employer and with employee’s consent. complementing his/her knowledge and skills, on the by approval the employer consent. with employee’s and 培训应在公司审批后且员工同意的情况下，让员工提升个人知识与技能。 Training needs are identified across the organization to address skill gaps and provide Training needs are identified across the organization to address skill gaps and provide development opportunities. The triggers responsible to identify such needs include: development opportunities. The triggers responsible to identify such needs include: page 1/5 ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry - ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry China China Internal Human Resources Human Resources 2023-3-1 培训拟在公司范围内为员工提供技能提升和职业发展的机会。以下情境为培训产生的 前提条件： Company Competency Development/ Business Objectives • 公司能力发展与商业需求目的 • • 项目需求（根据具体项目而定） • • 经理的反馈 推荐 • • 绩效评估结果 • • 个人发展计划 Project Specific - - as per project demands Manager Feedback / Recommendation Outcome from Performance Appraisal Individual Development Plan Approval Process: The regulation outlines the procedures for obtaining approval The regulation outlines the procedures for obtaining approval forformaltraining activities within the company. The approval process is a crucial step in ensuring that all training activities align with the company's goals and objectives, and are carried out in an efficient and cost-effective manner.", "activities within the company. The approval process is a crucial step in ensuring that all training activities align with the company's goals and objectives, and are carried out an efficient and cost-effective manner. in 本 审批 流程 骨 在 规定 公司 内 部 正式 培训 活动 的 审批 过 程 。 审 批 流程 是 确保 公司 所 有 培 训 活 动 与 公司 目标 保持 一 致 ， 并 确保 以 高 效 且 具 成 本 效益 的 方式 推进 培训 的 重要 步 又。 The employer’s initiative:", "The employer’s initiative: The employer is responsible for initiating the training approval process. The employer The employer is responsible for initiating the training approval process. The employer should identify the need for training, select a suitable vendor, and prepare a training proposal that includes the following information: should identify the need for training, select a suitable vendor, and prepare a training proposal that includes the following information: 公司需对培训审批流程负责。公司主张的培训需要识别该培训需求，挑选合适的供应 商，并在审批流程中提供以下信息： The namelist ortarget people of participants • 参加者名单或者目标人群 • • 供应商、培训师的资料或相关资格 • • 培训预算或成本 • • 培训时间及地点 • • 培训预期结果 or credentials ofthe vendor/trainer Theinformation e Theinformation or credentials ofthe vendor/trainer The budget or cost of the training The timeline and location of the training The expected outcomes of the training The employee's initiative:", "The employee's initiative: page 2/5 ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry - ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry China China Internal Human Resources Human Resources 2023-3-1 Employees may also initiate the training by submitting a training proposal to needs Employees may also initiate the training needs by submitting a training proposal to the line manager or HR. The proposal should include the same information as outlined above for the employer's initiative. The proposal should include the line manager or HR. same information as outlined above for the employer's initiative. the HR 员工可向直属经理或者 提出培训需求。员工主张的培训提议，需要提供与公司主张 的培训所需的相同信息进行审批。 Approval Steps:", "Approval Steps: Alltraining proposals should be initiated by line manager or HR via email in advance Alltraining proposals should be initiated by line manager or HR via email in advance and must be reviewed and must be reviewed and approved by the DU/HR manager responsible for the relevant department or division. The DU/HR manager should ensure that the training proposal aligns with the company's goals and objectives, and that the budget and time constraints are reasonable. The DU/HR manager may request additional information or clarification from the employer or employee before making a final decision. and must be reviewed and must be reviewed and approved by the manager DU/HR DU/HR responsible for the relevant department or division. The manager should ensure that the training proposal aligns with the company's goals and objectives, and that the budget and time constraints are reasonable. The DU/HR manager may request additional information or clarification from the employer or employee before making a final decision. DU HR 培训提议需由直属经理或 通过邮件提前发起审批，并须由所在部门的 经理或 经理审核批准。 经理或 经理需确保该培训提议符合公司目标，且预算和时 间合理。 经理或 经理可根据需要要求提供更多的信息以作判断。 R HR DU DU HR All external training request must be approved by corresponding management level via All external training request must be approved by corresponding management level via approval email before training. Training Approval by cost is as below. approval email before training. Training Approval by cost is as below. 外部培训须在培训前事先通过邮件获得相应管理层的批准。培训审批流程如下。", 'Training Cost Approval Ttstage Approver | 2"dstage Approver (Amount/Per Sender Person) Amount above RMB_| Line Manager DU/HR Manager County Manager 30K /HR (CC HRBP) Per Person above Line Manager DU/HR Manager County Manager RMB 5K /HR (CC HRBP) Amount under RMB Line Manager DU/HR Manager 30K and Per Person | /HR (CC HRBP) under RMB 5K', '* Training cost all refers to the cost of including cost related training but not limited to * Training cost refers to the cost of all training related cost including but not limited to training course, traveling cost, venue cost, etc. training course, traveling cost, venue cost, etc. 培训费用包括但不限于培训课程、差旅费用、场地费用等。 * For sales/support functions, training costs must be approved by the immediate * For sales/support functions, training costs must be approved by the immediate manager. manager. 销售与职能部门的培训须由直属经理审批。 * For Tieto (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd, training costs must be approved by the 2nd * For Tieto (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd, training costs must be approved by the 2nd level manager. level manager. 2nd level 叠拓（北京）科技有限公司隶属员工培训须通过 经理审批。 page 3/5 ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry - ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry China Human Resources Human Resources China Internal Internal 2023-3-1 Training Vendor & Contract:', 'Training Vendor & Contract: In order to ensure the proper administration of these vendors and to ensure that all In order to ensure the proper administration of these vendors and to ensure that all necessary information is captured, all training vendor must be added to the internal vendor list in the system. This list will serve as a comprehensive record of all vendors and the services they provide. all necessary information is captured, training vendor must be added to the internal vendor list in the system. This list will serve as a comprehensive record of all vendors and the services they provide. 为确保供应商适当管理，并保证涵盖所有必需信息，所有供应商须被添加到公司系统 的供应商名单中。供应商名单是公司所有供应商及其提供服务的综合记录。 All external training vendors must have a business contract in place with the company All external training vendors must have a business contract in place with the company before the delivery of services can commence. This contract should include the normal contract information, including but not limited to the scope of services, delivery time frames, and payment terms. before the delivery of services can commence. This contract should include the normal contract information, including but not limited to the scope of services, delivery time frames, and payment terms. 所有外部培训供应商必须与公司签订商业合同后，才可开始提供服务。本合同应包括 常规的合同信息，包括但不限于服务范围、交付时间和付款条款等。 The addition of training vendors may be initiated by employees, a prior approval is The addition of training vendors may be initiated by employees, a prior approval is required for all training sessions. The company can make informed decisions about training vendors and maintain control over the quality and cost of training programs.', "required for all training sessions. The company can make informed decisions about The training vendors and maintain control over the quality and cost of training programs. 员工可发起增加培训供应商，且需获得审批。公司可根据培训内容质量与培训成本因 素决定是否增加。 Training Responsibility & Obligation: To on the liability of employees, outline employees are expected to fulfill their To outline on the liability of employees, employees are expected to fulfill their obligations and commitments regarding training and development, including completing the training course as required. commitments regarding training obligations and including and development, completing the training course as required. 员工需履行培训有关的责任与义务，包括根据要求完成培训课程等。 Iftheemployee resigns or fails to complete a course of certification and authentication Iftheemployee resigns or fails to complete a course of certification and authentication training or exam, the company reserves the right to enforce repayment to investigate an employee's liability. training or exam, reserves the right to enforce repayment the company to investigate an employee's liability. 若员工未完成认证、授权相关的培训或未通过考试，或员工在培训期间离职，公司保 留追究员工返还培训相关款项的权力。 Training Invoice Payment or Reimbursement:", 'Training Invoice Payment or Reimbursement: Training cost should be determined to the correct competence development project Training cost should be determined to the correct competence development project number based on location and customer category. Support materials need to be submitted to Finance when make the payments via my Invoice or reimbursement via on location and customer category. Support number based materials need to be submitted to Finance when make the payments via my Invoice or reimbursement via page 4/5 ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry - ae tietoeucy Employees’ Training Regulation - Tietoevry China China Internal Human Resources Human Resources 2023-3-1 my Expenses, participants, original which include but not limited to approval email, my Expenses, which include but not limited to approval email, participants, original invoices, etc. invoices, etc. 培训 成 本 需 根 据 所 在 地 及 员工 所 在 项 目 ， 归 类 于 对 应 的 能 力 发 展 项 目 号 。 财 务 付款 或 报销 需要 根据 财务 相关 要 求 ， 提 供 相关 材料 并 上 传 至 my Expenses， 相 关 材 料 包括 但 不 限于 审批 邮件 、 参 与 者 信息 、 发 票 等 。 my Expenses， Change History', '修订记录', 'Version | Date Author Reviewed by Approved by Change history V01 2023-03-01 Chen Ke Zhou Rong DU Managers NEW Huo Xuan Wei Xin Luo Sijia Linda Rutkovska An Xiaoqing', 'page 5/5']

